The part of task 1 that asks for the script to add a product to the cart from the “Today’s Deals” section is subject to some behaviour with the site that makes it difficult or flaky due to what appears to be an AB test they’re running from their end. The home page has a seemingly random chance of responding with an Amazon home page that doesn’t actually include a “Today’s Deals” section. I’m not sure if this is an AB test or an IP protection due to the number of test re runs that must be performed in a short period of time while developing the scripts. I attempted to circumvent this by using an amazon account in case it’s on a user by user basis, however being logged into an account actually produces a home page completely absent of a “Today’s Deals” button 100% of the time. Presently I am using a specific home page link, but there is no guarantee that the issue will not persist. While issues like this can normally be solved using branch logic, Cypress isn’t very friendly with it, normally I would use Playwright, but tI am remaining within the confines of the test for this scenario. 
Due to using the Amazon site for this there is a high chance of being limited by the site, if you re run the tests too many times in a short time frame from the same IP address, the scripts begin to be faced with Amazon captchas. Normally captcha is easily circumvented using a solver API or accessibility token however these aren’t available for Amazon captchas as far as I’m aware. Typically IP bans and captchas aren’t an issue in a professional environment where are of the tools are on hand, however these issues I imagine are possible unintended points of friction for people completing the task. 


I hope my feedback is well received, my only recommendation would be to use a site that isn’t the target of as much adversarial activity as a site like Amazon down the line - perhaps something like a grocery website such as Sainsbury’s or Morrisons, for ease of focus on the intended purpose of the task. 

